Introduction:
framing effect is a cognitive bias that affects human decision making.
Iowa gamblign task(IGT) was created to assess human decision making in
labratorary.  significance difference in subjects performance observed
when subjecs play different representation of IGT. the previous
results show that the participants' performance in the computerized
gambling task is significantly lower compared to playing with real
cards.  Providing the participants with pen and paper drastically
intensifies the performance drop to random decision making level.  by
designing an other variation of IGT we study the effect of human
computer interaction on participants performance.


Method:
in the privouse study participants play three different IGT with same
gain/loss function. these three variation are: real card IGT (R-IGT),
computer based IGT(CB-IGT) and computer based IGT that participants
provied with pen and paper(CBPP-IGT). we disign an other variation of
IGT(WR-IGT), that participants play real card game with computer. IGT
decks and participants are in seperated rooms. the IGT decks is shown
to participats via a camera and participats select decks via keyboard.
after participat select a deck, experimenter in other room informed
from that selection and evert top card of the selected deck.
experimenter keep it evert for 3 seconds and then remove card from
selected deck and participat continue playing.

101 participats play four variation of IGT.

In order to remove subjects who play game randomly, we add some random
generated behavior to each game variation and cluster data in that
game variation. after clustering, subject with best performance
selected from that variation.

after random subject elimination, we calculate distance between WR-IGT
and other variation to find the most similar variation to WR-IGT.


Results:
after random subject elimination, Bhattacharyya distance is used to
measure similarity between WR-IGT and other three variants. the most
similar game variant to WR-IGT was R-IGT (0.01621746), the next most similar was
CB-IGT(0.1113272) and CBPP-IGT(0.3416822) is the most disimilar one.


Conclution:
in the present study, we found that participats performance in playing
IGT with real cards are similar in both variations (R-IGT and WR-IGT)
but differ from other vriations. it indicates that computer human
interaction is not the source of difference that observed in prevoise
study.
